VIC	National Bank, this is Kim. Did you want to open an account today? 
ATT	Hi, Kim. I have a question for you. Do you guys use CreditChex? 
VIC	Yes. 
ATT	When you phone in to CreditChex, what do you call the number you give them... is it a Merchant ID? 
ATT	Because, Kim, I’m working on a book. It deals with private investigations. 
VIC	Yes
ATT	So it’s called a Merchant ID, right?
VIC	Uh huh. 
ATT	Okay, great. Because I wanted to make sure I had the lingo right. For the book. Thanks for your help. Good-bye, Kim. 
VIC	National Bank, New Accounts, this is Chris. 
ATT	Hi, Chris. This is Alex. I’m a customer service rep with CreditChex. We’re doing a survey to improve our services. Can you spare me a couple of minutes? 
VIC	Yes, sure.
ATT	Okay, what are the hours your branch is open for business? 
ATT	How many employees at your branch use our service? 
ATT	How often do you call us with an inquiry? 
ATT	Which of our 800-numbers have we assigned you for calling us? 
ATT	Have our representatives always been courteous? How’s our response time?_  How long have you been with the bank?_  What Merchant ID are you currently using? 
ATT	Have you ever found any inaccuracies with the information we’ve provided you? 
ATT	If you had any suggestions for improving our service, what would they be? 
ATT	Would you be willing to fill out periodic questionnaires if we send them to your branch? 
VIC	Yeah, off course! 
VIC	CreditChex, this is Henry McKinsey, how can I help you? 
ATT	Hi, am Chris and I am calling from National Bank. I want some information regarding one of our clients.
VIC	What is your Merchant ID?
ATT	3679654
VIC	OK, Who is the client you are interested for? Can you tell me the name and social security number?
ATT	35939585
VIC	birth date?
ATT	20/3/1960
VIC	Well, Wells Fargo reported NSF in 1998, one time, amount of $2,066.  
ATT	Any activities since then?
VIC	No activities.
ATT	Have there been any other inquiries? 
VIC	Let’s see. Okay, two of them, both last month. Third United Credit Union of Chicago. 
VIC	Schenectady Mutual Investments
VIC	That’s in New York State, he added.