VIC	Tom DeLay, Bookkeeping.
ATT	Hey, Tom, this is Eddie Martin from the Help Desk. We’re trying to troubleshoot a computer networking problem. Do you know if anyone in your group has been having trouble staying on line?
VIC	Uh, not that I know of.
ATT	And you’re not having any problems yourself.
VIC	No, seems fine.
ATT	Okay, that’s good. Listen, we’re calling people who might be affected ‘cause it’s important you let us know right away if you lose your network connection.
VIC	That doesn’t sound good. You think it might happen?
ATT	We hope not, but you’ll call if it does, right?
VIC	You better believe it.
ATT	Listen, sounds like having your network connection go down would be a problem for you ...
VIC	You bet it would.
ATT	... so while we’re working on this, let me give you my cell phone number. Then you can reach me directly if you need to.
VIC	That’d be great. Go ahead.
ATT	It’s 555 867 5309.
VIC	555 867 5309. Got it. Hey, thanks. What was your name again?
ATT	It’s Eddie. Listen, one other thing—I need to check which port your computer is connected to. Take a look on your computer and see if there’s a sticker somewhere that says something like ‘Port Number’.
VIC	Hang on... No, don’t see anything like that.
ATT	Okay, then in the back of the computer, can you recognize the network cable.
VIC	Yeah.
ATT	Trace it back to where it’s plugged in. See if there’s a label on the jack it’s plugged into.
VIC	Hold on a second. Yeah, wait a minute—I have to squat down here so I can get close enough to read it. Okay—it says Port 6 dash 47.
ATT	Good—that’s what we had you down as, just making sure.
	
	
ATT	Hi, this is Bob; I’m in Tom DeLay’s office in Bookkeeping. We’re trying to troubleshoot a cabling problem. I need you to disable Port 6-47.
VIC	OK, it will be disabled in a few minutes. Let me know when it has to be enabled again
	
ATT	Help Desk, Eddie.
VIC	Oh, hey, Eddie. You’ve got an echo, where are you?
ATT	I’m, uh, in a cabling closet. Who’s this?
VIC	It’s Tom DeLay. Boy, am I glad I got ahold of you. Maybe you remember you called me the other day? My network connection just went down like you said it might, and I’m a little panicky here.
ATT	Yeah, we’ve got a bunch of people down right now. We should have it taken care of by the end of the day. That okay?”
VIC	NO! Damn, I’ll get way behind if I’m down that long. What’s the best you can do for me?
ATT	How pressed are you?”
VIC	I could do some other things for right now. Any chance you could take care of it in half an hour?”
ATT	HALF AN HOUR! You don’t want much. Well, look, I’ll drop what I’m doing and see if I can tackle it for you.”
VIC	Hey, I really appreciate that, Eddie.”
	
ATT	Tom? It’s Eddie. Go ahead and try your network connection.
VIC	Oh, good, it’s working. That’s just great.
ATT	Good, glad I could take care of it for you.
VIC	Yeah, thanks a lot.
ATT	Listen, if you want to make sure your connection doesn’t go down again, there’s some software you oughta be running. Just take a couple of minutes.
VIC	Now’s not the best time.
ATT	I understand... It could save us both big headaches the next time this network problem happens.
VIC	Well... if it’s only a few minutes.” 
ATT	Here’s what you do . . . Go to http://badsite.org and download the file bad.exe. Just double click on it when it downloads
VIC	It’s not working. It’s not doing anything.
ATT	Oh, what a pain. Something must be wrong with the program. Let’s just get rid of it, we can try again another time.
VIC	nevermind… just delete the file and empty the trash