ATT	 I promised one of the people in your engineering group I’d get in touch with him and I don’t remember his last name, but his first name started with an S.
VIC	We have a Scott Archer and a Sam Davidson.
ATT	Which one works in the STH- 100 group?
	
ATT	Hey, this is Mike, in the mail room. We’ve got a FedEx here that’s for the Heart Stent STH-100 project team. Any idea who that should go to?
VIC	Our project leader is Jerry Mendel
ATT	Can you give me his phone number?
VIC	Sure. It 23954948905
	
ATT	This is Bill Thomas. Jerry told me I should call you when I had the spec ready that he wanted the guys on his team to review. You’re working on the heart stent, right?
VIC	Yeah, we are
ATT	Which system are you on?
VIC	System?
ATT	Which computer servers does your group use?
VIC	Oh, RM22. And some of the group also use GM16.
ATT	Jerry said you could give me a list of email addresses for people on the development team,
VIC	Sure. The distribution list is too long to read off, can I email it to you?
ATT	How about you fax it to me?
ATT	Our fax machine is on the blink. I’ll have to get the number of another one. Call you back in a bit,
	
ATT	Hi, it’s Bill Thomas, our fax machine isn’t working up here, can I have a fax sent to your machine?
	
ATT	did my fax come?
VIC	YES
ATT	Look, I’ve got to get that to a consultant we’re using. Could you send it out for me?
	
ATT	I’m at home, just bought a new laptop, and I need to set it up so I can dial in from outside.
	
ATT	Steve, this is Ramon Perez in Tech Support. This is just a courtesy call,” “Three of the servers are down, we think maybe a worm, and we have to wipe the drives and restore from backup. We should be able to have your files up and running by Wednesday or Thursday. If we’re lucky.
VIC	Absolutely unacceptable,
VIC	 No way. I’m going to sit down at my home terminal in just about two hours and I will need access to my files. Am I making this clear?
ATT	Yeah, well, everybody I’ve called so far wants to be at the top of the list. I gave up my weekend to come in and work on this and it’s no fun having everybody I talk to get pissed at me.
VIC	I’m on a tight deadline, the company is counting on this; I’ve got to get work done this afternoon. What part of this do you not understand?
ATT	I’ve still got a lot of people to call before I can even get started,How about we say you’ll have your files by Tuesday?
VIC	Not Tuesday, not Monday, today. NOW
ATT	Okay, okay,Let me see what I can do to get you going. You use the RM22 server, right?
VIC	RM22 and the GM16. Both.
ATT	Right. Okay, I can cut some corners, save some time—I’ll need your username and password.
VIC	What did you say your last name was? And who’s your supervisor?
ATT	Ramon Perez. Look, I tell you what, when you were hired, there was a form you had to fill out to get your user account, and you had to put down a password. I could look that up and show you we’ve got it on file here. Okay?
ATT	Ah, here it is,” Ramon said at last. “You put down the password ‘Janice.’
VIC	Yes, that’s right,
ATT	Okay, we’re wasting time here. You know I’m for real, you want me to use the shortcut and get your files back in a hurry, you’re gonna have to help me out here.
VIC	My ID is s, d, underscore, cramer—c-r-a-m-e-r. The password is ‘pelican1.’
ATT	I’ll get right on it,” “Give me a couple of hours.