ATT	Hi my name is Scott. May I check on my replacement Kindle shipment status that was placed earlier today?
VIC	Hello, Scott.
VIC	Could you please help me with the order number?
ATT	 I do not have the order number with me right now. Could you please help look into my account? The order was placed earlier in the day.
VIC	Scott, I need the email address associated with your amazon account?
ATT	sure.
ATT	[my email address]
VIC	Please give me a minute to check that.
VIC	Before I can view your account I'll need to do a quick security check. Please confirm the email address, complete name, and billing address on your account.
ATT	[my address]
ATT	Scott hanselman
VIC	Thank you for the information.
VIC	The kindle device which your referring to will be delivered to you by: Tuesday, February 12, 2013
ATT	do you have the tracking number for this shipment?
VIC	Yes, the tracking number is 1Z0ERxxxxxxxxxxxx
ATT	Thank you.
VIC	You’re welcome!
ATT	Please hold on.
VIC	Sure.
ATT	May I know how can I change the shipping address?
ATT	 I just contacted UPS, and was told to contact the shipper, which is Amazon, to change the shipping address.
VIC	 This is the shipping address:
VIC	Scott Hanselman
VIC	[my address]
VIC	United States
VIC	Primary Phone: [my phone]
ATT	Yes, but I would like to change the shipping address.
VIC	I am sorry, the shipping address cannot be changed now, since the item has been shipped.
ATT	 I understand, but UPS told me that this is still possible, but only Amazon can contact UPS to do so.
ATT	Are you able to transfer me to someone who is able to help out?
VIC	Please give me a minute to check that.
VIC	Thank you for being on hold.
VIC	I've contacted UPS and asked them to hold this package for you.
ATT	?
ATT	I do not need UPS to hold the package for me.
ATT	Please confirm with me first before making any changes.
VIC	I understand that you want to change the address, but that cannot be done now since the package has been shipped.
ATT	Could you please help me call UPS to enquire?
VIC	Sure.
ATT	If you are not able to make any outgoing calls, please transfer me to a colleague who may do so.
VIC	 Please give me a minute to do that.
ATT	Sure.
VIC	Scott, could you please help me with the address to which you want the package to be redirected to?
ATT	Sure.
ATT	[Address in Portland with ""NUM99999"" at the end of the street]
VIC	Thank you for the information.
VIC	 Please be on hold while I contact UPS regarding it.
VIC	Thank you for being on hold.
VIC	Could you please help me with your phone number?
ATT	No worries.
ATT	Sure
ATT	 425-406-xxxx
VIC	Please give me a minute.
VIC	 Could you please help me with your country code?
VIC	Thank you.
VIC	 I am sorry for the delay.
ATT	No worries.
VIC	I have requested for a delivery change of the address to the UPS carrier.
ATT	Thank you. May I know when is the scheduled delivery date?
VIC	You're Welcome. Yes, it will be delivered as scheduled.
VIC	 Here is the link, you may view the details:
ATT	Thank you so much. You do not need to follow up with an email to me as I hardly check my emails. Would that be okay?
VIC	You're Welcome. I am sorry, I'll need to send you an follow up email.
ATT	Oh. You do not have to do so actually.
VIC	I understand your concern, but as per our policy I'll need to send you an email.
ATT	An auto generated email to complete the survey is fine.
VIC	Okay, sure.
ATT	 I will complete the survey when I have the time, but you don't have to include other details in the email.
VIC	Sure, Scott. I'll do that.