VIC	Hello, Eric. My name is Mahesh. I am here to help you today
VIC	may I know your issue in detail?
ATT	I need to know where my last order is being shipped
VIC	Let me check that for you
VIC	before that, I need to verify your account. Can you please confirm the name on your e-mail address, and your complete billing address?
ATT	Eric Springer
ATT	emal: ericwspringer@gmail.com
ATT	Address 620 STEWART ST, seattle, washington, 98101
VIC	thanks for the confirmation
VIC	
ATT	i don’t have it, but it should be the last order on my account
ATT	the latest one
VIC	Just to confirm, are you referring to this item - Waco Intuos Pen and Touch small tablet?
ATT	yeah
VIC	thanks for the confirmation
VIC	Let me check that for you
VIC	i've checked and see that the order is shipped out and the last tracking shows the item is on …
VIC	the item will be dellivered to you as estimated
VIC	there is no need to worry about that
VIC	Please click the link for your reference
ATT	can you tell me the shipping address is going to please?
ATT	yeah
VIC	the shipping address is Eric Spinger [addres]
ATT	alright
ATT	can you tell me the gift card balance on my account?
VIC	The gift card balance on your account is 0
ATT	Thanks for the help
ATT	That is all I needed
VIC	You are welcome
ATT	have a good rest of the night or day
VIC	It has been my pleasure assisting a valued customer like you today
VIC	Have a great evening. We look forward to seeing you again
	
VIC	Hello, my name is Jimmy
VIC	How may I help you today?
ATT	I need to check the status of my last order
VIC	I'd more than willing to assist you today regarding your last order
VIC	may I know the order number?
ATT	I don’t have it
ATT	but it's the last order I made
VIC	before I look into your account, can yoy please confirm your e-mail address. The name on your account and your complete billing address?
ATT	ericwspringer@gmail.com
ATT	[info]
VIC	Thank you so much
VIC	is this the item? Dynatrap ultralight insect and mosquito trap
ATT	Yeah, I need to know where it's being shipped to also
ATT	Or, the address it was delivered to
VIC	H have checked here that the package was lost or stuck in transit already.
ATT	what is the delivery address please?
ATT	what was the payment method used laso
VIC	It was your credit card
VIC	since you didn't receive it, I can help you process arefund
ATT	not yet.
ATT	w
ATT	what was the last 4 digits of that credit card please too?
VIC	I am sorry, we can't provide it. If you'd like, you may just drop down the last 4 digits of your card and I'll just verify it.
ATT	it was paid with using my works cedit card
ATT	I need that info to report back to my boss :/
ATT	it'd be a big help
VIC	do you have an access in the account?
ATT	not, right now
ATT	if you could give me the last 2 digits that would work?
VIC	I am sorry, we can't provide it. However, it was the visa card
ATT	Can you tell me the expiration date then?
ATT	so I know which card it was
VIC	I am sorry, we can't provide any information of the card. However, do you have the cards with you right now?
ATT	I don't. well I'll just have to login later
ATT	thanks for the help
VIC	if you would like you may login right now
ATT	it's fine. Thanks
	you are welcome. Would there be anythong else that I can help you with?