ATT	Hello. I purchased 10 trackr bravos and 5 stopped working. The purchase was 2 months ago, I have a proof of purchase.
VIC	 Hello. Thank you for contacting TrackR Support. This is Ana.
ATT	 Hello, Ana. How is your day going?
VIC	Oh, it's great actually!
VIC	Thanks for asking.
VIC	How about yours?
ATT	 It's been awesome, thank you.
VIC	 You are most welcome.
VIC	May I ask when and where did you purchase your TrackRs?
VIC	 Also, did you already try to replace the batteries for your devices?
ATT	 It was purchased on Amazon, on December 8. And yes, I have tried replacing the batteries.
VIC	Thanks a lot.
ATT	 Thanks for the quick replies.
VIC	I am still checking this, Alex.
VIC	Please stay on the line.
ATT	I will make sure to do so.
VIC	 Are you able to provide the screenshot here in our chat window?
ATT	Screenshot of the proof of purchase?
VIC	 Yes please.
ATT	Here it is. http://prntscr.com/----
VIC	Thanks!
VIC	Did you already contact Amazon regarding on this, Alex?
ATT	Yes, they asked me to contact trackr.
VIC	Alright, here's what I will do. As one time consideration, I will forward your TrackR email address to our upper management to check this for you and once I received an approval from them, I will just replace your items at no additional cost. please allow us 48-72 hours.
VIC	I will get back to you via email, Alex.
ATT	That's perfectly fine for me.
ATT	 Thanks for your awesome supprot.
VIC	 Awesome!
VIC	Thanks a lot. Please wait for my email. 
VIC	By the way, the details are the same on the receipt?
ATT	 The details?
VIC	Yes, like your full name and complete shipping address.
ATT	 Yes, everything is the same.
VIC	Great!
VIC	 Is there anything else I can help you for today? and would you like me to send a copy of this conversation for your future reference?
ATT	Yes, a copy would be awesome. Could it be sent to my e-mail?
VIC	 Yes.
VIC	This one? 
ATT	 indeed.
VIC	Perfect!
VIC	 My pleasure to assist you today, Alex! Thank you for contacting TrackR customer support. Please don't hesitate to contact us if you need further assistance. Have a great day!
VIC	By the way if you can give me a minute of your time, I've sent you a chat rating request. It is about the support that I have provided for you today.It is rated by clicking thumbs up or thumbs down.
VIC	Take care and bye for now, 
ATT	See you soon.
VIC	See you, Alex! 
VIC	Good bye.